c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPluginiOS.exe
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPluginiOS.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPlugin.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPlugin.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\ibtool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\actool\_PartialAppManifest.items
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\actool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default-568h@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default-Portrait.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default-Portrait@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-60@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-60@3x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-76.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-76@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small-40.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small-40@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small-40@3x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small@3x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPlugin.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPluginiOS.exe
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPluginiOS.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPluginiOS.exe.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin\MediaPlugin.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MediaPluginiOS.exe.mdb
